add release notes for 0.2.0 (#278)
Quansight/ragna: docs/references/release-notes.md

# Release notes

## Version 0.2.0

### Feature changes and enhancements

> - Ragnas `0.1.x` releases were build on a task queue backend. This turned out to be a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ragna's `0.1.x` releases were built on a task queue backend. This turned out to be a
```

### New Contributors

- [@peachkeel](https://github.com/peachkeel) made their first contribution in

>   [#244](https://github.com/Quansight/ragna/pull/244)

Author: Driveby fix

- [@nenb](https://github.com/nenb) made their first contribution in
  [#252](https://github.com/Quansight/ragna/pull/252)

## Version 0.1.2

> ### Breaking changes

Author: While writing the breaking changes for `0.2.0`, I realized this change was never documented. I had it written up anyway, so I put it here. I would also be fine to remove this again to avoid "changing history".
